I'm a creative designer and developer based in Argentina, focused on turning zeros and ones into beautiful interactive digital experiences. I find beauty in simplicity and order, I have a great eye for details, and I am always pursuing improvement and high-quality performance.

I have a wide range of experience in different fields. 

Photography and filmmaking
Since I was 14 years old, I have had a passion for photography, a practice that keeps me grounded. The first 35 film roll I developed was all overexposed, so I took the Nikon F70 manual and read it all at once. After that, the second attempt was very good.

From developing film and editing images, a love for colors and textures grew in me, and after a few years of still photography, I started filming and editing audiovisual material. I found the harmony between sound and visuals very gratifying, so it was a very good experience to learn and evolve in the post-edition of video and, yet better, of musical artists. All of this was mostly self-taught and learned from colleagues and friends. 

Writing
Bradbury was the first approach to literature that I found really appealing. My big brother brought to me "Long After Midnight" (1976), and it was just the start of a long, beloved, and dedicated read of his stories. Murakami is another nice reference, his attention to details in everyday matters is beautiful. Also, his strange approach to social situations and interactions is very interesting.

Between 2022 and 2023, I came back to writing. I found peace and a sense of individuality and authenticity that I didn't find in anything else. I'd learn about patience, about air and time (that air, that time between things one does, the actual living thing that is inspiration, and its pace and phases). I'd learn about formats, about styling, and about storytelling. I'd learn from reading and from writing. One, ten, or one thousand times the same. And, what we always talk about with my sister is that the best of all is that it never ends. You always have something new to read, learn, discover, imagine, or write about.

Here you can find some explorations, brain dumps, short stories, songs (if someone would put some music on them, for me, they are already songs, but they could be called poems maybe too), and all on different topics, such as experiences, sensations, philosophy matters, thoughts... At the end, it's all just a craft of some of my inner world, especially those years of solitude and search.

Promise, someday soon, my writer side will come back. Until then, I'll leave you with these.

Design

In my early years, I noticed that I loved typography. I used to enjoy drawing things and style text for birthday notes, gifts, flyers... I remember playing with my cousin and building a newspaper with fake news. Soon I started to design logos, websites and other graphic and digital pieces. Mostly self-taught, with the help of resources on the internet, I find the whole world of design very interesting and do my best to improve and learn more about it.

Code

My path in the programming field is mostly self-taught, obviously with the huge help of the internet, code reviews, collaborators, and tools and frameworks that are pretty amazing.